hey guys this is a Strider and Sammy and
Sammy yep we got Sammy up in here her
whatever her uh justjust camera being
white Strider oh yeah I try okay uh
plant some black ops this is a my
gameplay and we would have done one of
us Sammy's gameplays actually but the
stupid my recent games whatever didn't
save her game so yeah it only saves my
bad games I started playing really
things to zombies they're playing really
well and then it's just like no no I'm
I'm done recording your shit nice nice
there yeah the knifing stop particularly
my favorite thing of this game yeah I'm
really bad at it too I always hit see I
think it almost seems like philly at
least I've noticed like it seems like
you you almost have to knife not being
up on somebody like if you run up to
them like and you're like directly
behind them kind of a thing it won't
wait doesn't like yeah it doesn't work
yeah I like 10 feet away for it to
initiate it's really weird but yeah I
can't stand it like I try so hard I must
look ridiculous to the other people
because I'm trying the knife and I just
keep crouching like standing up and
crouching over and over again and then
they just send us a nice woody what are
you doing what's going on oh yeah right
here I was like wait a minute ease our
bad guys I've so done that are you
playing hardcore no no it's not hard
corrosive ammo and everything you just
walking around they all big bad guys
well I was like I was just down there
and they weren't there bonds are kind of
messed up yeah i'm likely just kind of
stone but only these guys obviously my
teammates then it's like no wait a
minute there's a red name of other head
i'm pretty sure they did the same thing
like wait a minute yeah I've totally
been there you go but um I and like we
haven't really got your input you've
played a little bit of this yeah what
would you do our seventh game I like it
I met about level 23 or 24 now if i'm
not mistaken yeah i've been i've been
trying to play more but all multiplayer
yeah Oh multiplayer I haven't finished
single player yet I don't know um you
guys kept getting on me about practicing
so I've been trying to practice it have
you tried any of the the bots
mm-hmm just a little bit just get cheap
gamma you what I just been playing the
team domination I think that's what have
you uh oh night I'm nice yeah maybe uh
played any of the zombies yes i love the
zombies actually i think it played two
or three games with some fans one day I
get just open the lobbying like post an
announcement because zombies is my
favorite the zombies are my favorite I
don't know uh what do you think of them
compared to the the other zombie her
from total war at least is a the weapons
are better I mean touched it yeah the
weapons are much better because it's you
know not weapons from fucking world war
two like it's these weapons so it's a
lot better and you get the old
characters so they said a lot of funny
things in the world at war one so they
still kind of you know have woody little
comments and stuff without the zombies
it's fun yeah don't you play is like um
we put your Nixon and JFK and I'm caster
Owen I heard when you finish the
single-player you get to play as I think
you spawn in as John F Kennedy if i'm
not mistaken or richard nixon you spawn
and it's one of them and start the
zombie level like by yourself after
single player but i haven't gotten that
far yet someone told me about so if you
haven't unlocked that it's just like
regular yeah usually like the one level
and you play like those four main
characters from world at war like the
American the Russian okay okay those
guys that's funny I never even knew from
the original one that it was different
like nationalities have played like you
can listen to those the Russian guys my
favorites he's always talking about like
oh that kills herb shot of vodka stuff
like that I don't remember them talking
yeah they talk wow I must have had the
volume turned down or something that's
weird maybe couldn't really rely on us
I'm new every day right here same as
teaching me yep hell yeah so uh they
played you haven't played anything on
player you've been playing with this
well what's your you have like any kind
of like favorite map or anything like
that I have been playing the the two
servers the 24-7 nuketown yeah those are
the ones i play on like most i don't
even play on our server that much oh I'm
always fun
sound like all the time I love that map
well I so just cuz it's like I'm really
familiar with it yet it's smaller and
I've just kind of gotten to where little
strategies like since I played it so
much now they're these little strategies
and stuff you can do like throwing a
grenade over the bus like right when you
start like everybody throws grenades
over the buses and just kind of make a
mad dash around try not to die it's fun
I like it yeah that's funny you
mentioned that actually that's one of
the I played on one of the I don't know
if there's more than 120 747 server but
I played on one of them I think there's
to one in st. Louis and one in Dallas
everything I put in the one on Dallas
and on yeah I just like those cuz i just
picked them at random i just see 24-7
nuketown and click like mad so I get it
give me the game man cuz usually you see
like 17 out of 18 and you freaked out
don't fill up gotta get in I got to get
in yeah see I like that with using spicy
like chopper gunner what I've never
gotten a chopper gunner and like any of
the college teaching well you can't like
it like technically I got a care package
I'm sorry I think yeah it was a care
package yeah yeah they shot you down pro
skills and things yeah make me really
dizzy yeah but um yeah like New Towns
fucking bad ask is like I like I've
always been a fan of the smaller type
Madame else from call 34 and so cuz I
get lost like in this map I get lost a
shit I'm just like where am i where is
everybody there's like 18 people I can't
find anybody well i know uh i don't
expect yeah i understand exact word time
looks like specs when you start first
planning game well yeah it's really
confusing they've done a better job i
think in these maps and they have in
previous ones cuz like at least for me
and I think Florida was the same way and
something like guys may who wasn't quite
as bad like sometimes you could play the
game for days and still be like we're
the fuck am I yeah this was actually the
first map I played like the first time I
could get multiplayer working it loaded
up this map I like I was oh yeah yeah
and he had some issues with that didn't
yeah my gay I didn't have enough like
memory free on my computer and the game
kept crashing so I had to tell me like a
whole bunch our dresses yeah I got to
yeah forgot about that usually everybody
was having issues and you were having
this one particular issue where like the
game would just crash over yeah I would
crash or my computer would
blue screen and I was freaking out was
like why can't I play I was so excited
about this game yeah I remember that cuz
you were like you send tweets and stuff
I was like oh I feel so bad like well I
couldn't figure out what the hell was
wrong but yeah I just stuck my dick in
that doucheface I saw that aah chak took
him out but uh I was like its name I
remember now you doing pretty ok on that
knife yeah well this game i guess i
don't know what the deal was is this my
god we failed let me know this one works
yeah exactly I had the good knife this
round I guess this is a pretty ok kill
Street man yeah I didn't do too bad I
was kind of excited about it I kind of
freaked out like you want to get like
over three kills and around oh my god
another another game people need to
understand right uh yeah i think if i
show the school or not I think I do
can't leave this is long third in the
team that's good yeah there we go 19 and
3 as it was ok alright we will talk to
guys later for watching yeah late met by